Shannon QC Control
QC
Resources
GLM access
✓
muhammad.y7@turing.com
←
All tasks
the-thread-hands-back-its-own-opener
v1 · latest
Harbor package
↑
Upload new version
✓
Upload
2
Client PreQC
not run yet
3
Review findings
✓
Review record
5
Evaluation
6
Submit
Client preQC (Internal Gate · advisory)
Not run yet
has not run on this task yet
Run client preQC
View report
Your 3 run slots are currently in use.

REVIEW.CSV · REQUIRED TO SUBMIT

review.csv
in the bundle · review.csv

Required to submit. The written record of your review travels with the package: one row per review area, each one resolved as PASS, FIXED_AND_VERIFIED, or N/A with a reason. The QC reviewer also reads it and says whether it looks like a real review — that reading is advisory; the missing or unfinished file is what blocks. Every check is filed in Run history, with its reading, the areas still open, and the record itself.

Complete
Check with QC reviewer
View details
The QC reviewer has not read it yet. That reading is advisory — it never blocks — but it is what catches a record that ticks every box and says nothing.
QC-Oracle-GLM check (3-task limit)
Last run: errored
Did not finish — open it to see why · 2 h ago
Re-run QC-Oracle-GLM
View report
Your 3 run slots are currently in use.
what each gate checks
You are the judge. what good QC takes — read once
Run history
1 run · latest errored
QC-ORACLE-GLM CHECK
QC-Oracle-GLM check
Oracle Waiting
GLM-5.2 ×4 difficulty Waiting
error · Sep 12, 12:52 AM
RESULT
Run failed: Pipeline Oracle failed: [judge] 1 task(s), parallelism 200 · REMAINS the-thread-hands-back-its-own-opener crashed: 4 of 4 attempt(s) crashed, none graded · stopping: 1 task(s) unsettled after 4 wave(s) in this run · HARBOR_STAGE_ERROR: oracle did not settle: the-thread-hands-back-its-own-opener: crashed: 4 of 4 attempt(s) crashed, none graded. The run stopped before a verdict and its logs do not say whose problem it is — re-run QC once; if it fails the same way, flag it to the QC team with the technical detail below.
Use this guide to do your own read of the task
0/20 answered
Saved
Not scored — it feeds the report card and the tracker.
Task readiness